[docs-only] Bump getting started guide to beta3 (#3945)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/getting-started/_index.md

The latest build from the master branch can be found at [our download mirrors daily section](https://download.owncloud.com/ocis/ocis/daily/). Pre-Releases are available at [our download mirrors testing section](https://download.owncloud.com/ocis/ocis/testing/).

To run oCIS as binary you need to download it first and then run the following commands.

> For this example, assuming version 2.0.0-beta3 of oCIS running on a Linux AMD64 host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, assuming version 2.0.0-beta.3 of oCIS running on a Linux AMD64 host:
```
